---
title: "Welcome to Nutri"
date: 2025-01-10
---
We’re all familiar with the food delivery platforms that cater to our needs, whether it’s due to a disability or simply a lack of motivation to drive to the store. However, one issue I’ve noticed is that apps like DoorDash and Instacart don’t provide clear and transparent nutrition labels, which hinders our ability to make informed choices. This lack of transparency can lead to frustrating situations, such as when a gluten-free order is mistakenly replaced with traditional wheat gluten bread.

To address this issue, I believe it would be beneficial for food delivery apps to allow customers to place their dietary restrictions and substitutions directly in the app. This would ensure that orders are accurately processed and that customers receive the products they expect. Similarly, people with diabetes should be shown the nutrition facts on the product’s back before making an online purchase to avoid potential health risks associated with high or low added sugars.

My goal is to create a safe and inclusive shopping experience for everyone, and I believe that by providing clear and transparent nutrition labels, food delivery apps can play a crucial role in meeting the dietary needs of their customers. This is why I developed Nutrix, a food delivery service that connects customers with their local grocery stores. With Nutrix, customers can easily create a list of dietary restrictions and substitutions, ensuring that their orders are processed accurately and that they receive the products they need.

These options include:

* “Organic only”
* “Gluten free”
* “Soy free”
* “Dairy free”
* “Non gmo”
* “No added sugars”
* “Low added sugars”
* “Nut allergy”

You don’t need to disclose any health conditions like diabetes or celiac disease. Simply check off your dietary restrictions in the app, and our shopper will take care of the rest.

Another important feature of our app is its ability to reject any item that doesn’t meet your dietary needs. This ensures that you receive exactly what you requested and avoid any substitutions that could pose health risks or frustrate you. By doing so, we create a secure and trustworthy shopping experience.

If you have specific allergies or are allergic to certain ingredients, such as the common thickener “xanthan gum,” please let us know. This way, our shopper will be well-informed and can make the process smoother and faster.

This is what accommodating your needs looks like, and we’re proud to offer our services to those in need.
